MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Ignacio Adri√°n Lerer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

ADDITIONAL INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY NOTICE:

This software implements algorithmic innovations and methodologies that are 
subject to patent applications and other intellectual property protections:

- Patent Applications: Filed with INPI Argentina and other jurisdictions
- Trademark Applications: "JurisRank" registered/pending in multiple jurisdictions  
- Copyright: Software registered with DNDA Argentina
- Academic Publications: Priority established through SSRN publications

While this source code is licensed under MIT, the underlying algorithmic
innovations, training methodologies, and data processing techniques may be
subject to separate intellectual property rights. Users should be aware that
implementation of similar systems may require additional licensing agreements.

For commercial applications beyond the scope of this MIT license, or for
questions regarding patent licensing, please contact: legal@jurisrank.io
